MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.py
apache_superset.egg-info/PKG-INFO
apache_superset.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
apache_superset.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
apache_superset.egg-info/entry_points.txt
apache_superset.egg-info/not-zip-safe
apache_superset.egg-info/requires.txt
apache_superset.egg-info/top_level.txt
superset/__init__.py
superset/app.py
superset/config.py
superset/constants.py
superset/dataframe.py
superset/errors.py
superset/exceptions.py
superset/forms.py
superset/jinja_context.py
superset/legacy.py
superset/result_set.py
superset/schemas.py
superset/sql_lab.py
superset/sql_parse.py
superset/stats_logger.py
superset/superset_typing.py
superset/viz.py
superset-frontend/package.json
superset/advanced_data_type/__init__.py
superset/advanced_data_type/api.py
superset/advanced_data_type/schemas.py
superset/advanced_data_type/types.py
superset/advanced_data_type/plugins/__init__.py
superset/advanced_data_type/plugins/internet_address.py
superset/advanced_data_type/plugins/internet_port.py
superset/annotation_layers/__init__.py
superset/annotation_layers/api.py
superset/annotation_layers/filters.py
superset/annotation_layers/schemas.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/__init__.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/api.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/filters.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/schemas.py
superset/async_events/__init__.py
superset/async_events/api.py
superset/async_events/async_query_manager.py
superset/async_events/async_query_manager_factory.py
superset/available_domains/__init__.py
superset/available_domains/api.py
superset/available_domains/schemas.py
superset/cachekeys/__init__.py
superset/cachekeys/api.py
superset/cachekeys/schemas.py
superset/charts/__init__.py
superset/charts/api.py
superset/charts/filters.py
superset/charts/post_processing.py
superset/charts/schemas.py
superset/charts/data/__init__.py
superset/charts/data/api.py
superset/charts/data/query_context_cache_loader.py
superset/cli/__init__.py
superset/cli/examples.py
superset/cli/importexport.py
superset/cli/lib.py
superset/cli/main.py
superset/cli/reset.py
superset/cli/test.py
superset/cli/test_db.py
superset/cli/thumbnails.py
superset/cli/update.py
superset/cli/viz_migrations.py
superset/columns/__init__.py
superset/commands/__init__.py
superset/commands/base.py
superset/commands/exceptions.py
superset/commands/utils.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/__init__.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/create.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/delete.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/exceptions.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/update.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/__init__.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/create.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/delete.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/exceptions.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/update.py
superset/commands/chart/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/create.py
superset/commands/chart/delete.py
superset/commands/chart/exceptions.py
superset/commands/chart/export.py
superset/commands/chart/fave.py
superset/commands/chart/unfave.py
superset/commands/chart/update.py
superset/commands/chart/warm_up_cache.py
superset/commands/chart/data/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/data/create_async_job_command.py
superset/commands/chart/data/get_data_command.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/css/__init__.py
superset/commands/css/delete.py
superset/commands/css/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dashboard/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/copy.py
superset/commands/dashboard/create.py
superset/commands/dashboard/delete.py
superset/commands/dashboard/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dashboard/export.py
superset/commands/dashboard/fave.py
superset/commands/dashboard/unfave.py
superset/commands/dashboard/update.py
superset/commands/dashboard/embedded/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/embedded/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/create.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/delete.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/get.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/update.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/utils.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/v0.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/base.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/create.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/get.py
superset/commands/database/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/create.py
superset/commands/database/delete.py
superset/commands/database/exceptions.py
superset/commands/database/export.py
superset/commands/database/tables.py
superset/commands/database/test_connection.py
superset/commands/database/update.py
superset/commands/database/validate.py
superset/commands/database/validate_sql.py
superset/commands/database/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/database/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/create.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/delete.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/exceptions.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/update.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/base.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/columnar_reader.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/csv_reader.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/excel_reader.py
superset/commands/dataset/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/create.py
superset/commands/dataset/delete.py
superset/commands/dataset/duplicate.py
superset/commands/dataset/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dataset/export.py
superset/commands/dataset/refresh.py
superset/commands/dataset/update.py
superset/commands/dataset/warm_up_cache.py
superset/commands/dataset/columns/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/columns/delete.py
superset/commands/dataset/columns/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/v0.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/dataset/metrics/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/metrics/delete.py
superset/commands/dataset/metrics/exceptions.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/__init__.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/base.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/create.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/delete.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/get.py
superset/commands/explore/__init__.py
superset/commands/explore/get.py
superset/commands/explore/parameters.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/__init__.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/create.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/delete.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/get.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/parameters.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/state.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/update.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/utils.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/__init__.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/base.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/create.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/get.py
superset/commands/export/__init__.py
superset/commands/export/assets.py
superset/commands/export/models.py
superset/commands/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/importers/exceptions.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/assets.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/examples.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/query/__init__.py
superset/commands/query/delete.py
superset/commands/query/exceptions.py
superset/commands/query/export.py
superset/commands/query/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/query/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/query/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/query/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/report/__init__.py
superset/commands/report/alert.py
superset/commands/report/base.py
superset/commands/report/create.py
superset/commands/report/delete.py
superset/commands/report/exceptions.py
superset/commands/report/execute.py
superset/commands/report/log_prune.py
superset/commands/report/update.py
superset/commands/security/__init__.py
superset/commands/security/create.py
superset/commands/security/delete.py
superset/commands/security/exceptions.py
superset/commands/security/reset.py
superset/commands/security/update.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/__init__.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/estimate.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/execute.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/export.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/query.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/results.py
superset/commands/tag/__init__.py
superset/commands/tag/create.py
superset/commands/tag/delete.py
superset/commands/tag/exceptions.py
superset/commands/tag/update.py
superset/commands/tag/utils.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/__init__.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/create.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/delete.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/entry.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/exceptions.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/get.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/parameters.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/update.py
superset/common/__init__.py
superset/common/chart_data.py
superset/common/db_query_status.py
superset/common/not_authorized_object.py
superset/common/query_actions.py
superset/common/query_context.py
superset/common/query_context_factory.py
superset/common/query_context_processor.py
superset/common/query_object.py
superset/common/query_object_factory.py
superset/common/tags.py
superset/common/utils/__init__.py
superset/common/utils/dataframe_utils.py
superset/common/utils/query_cache_manager.py
superset/common/utils/time_range_utils.py
superset/connectors/__init__.py
superset/connectors/sqla/__init__.py
superset/connectors/sqla/models.py
superset/connectors/sqla/utils.py
superset/connectors/sqla/views.py
superset/css_templates/__init__.py
superset/css_templates/api.py
superset/css_templates/filters.py
superset/css_templates/schemas.py
superset/daos/__init__.py
superset/daos/annotation_layer.py
superset/daos/base.py
superset/daos/chart.py
superset/daos/css.py
superset/daos/dashboard.py
superset/daos/database.py
superset/daos/dataset.py
superset/daos/datasource.py
superset/daos/exceptions.py
superset/daos/key_value.py
superset/daos/log.py
superset/daos/query.py
superset/daos/report.py
superset/daos/security.py
superset/daos/tag.py
superset/daos/user.py
superset/dashboards/__init__.py
superset/dashboards/api.py
superset/dashboards/filters.py
superset/dashboards/schemas.py
superset/dashboards/filter_state/__init__.py
superset/dashboards/filter_state/api.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/__init__.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/api.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/exceptions.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/schemas.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/types.py
superset/databases/__init__.py
superset/databases/api.py
superset/databases/decorators.py
superset/databases/filters.py
superset/databases/schemas.py
superset/databases/utils.py
superset/databases/ssh_tunnel/__init__.py
superset/databases/ssh_tunnel/models.py
superset/datasets/__init__.py
superset/datasets/api.py
superset/datasets/filters.py
superset/datasets/schemas.py
superset/datasets/columns/__init__.py
superset/datasets/columns/api.py
superset/datasets/metrics/__init__.py
superset/datasets/metrics/api.py
superset/datasource/__init__.py
superset/datasource/api.py
superset/db_engine_specs/__init__.py
superset/db_engine_specs/ascend.py
superset/db_engine_specs/athena.py
superset/db_engine_specs/aurora.py
superset/db_engine_specs/base.py
superset/db_engine_specs/bigquery.py
superset/db_engine_specs/clickhouse.py
superset/db_engine_specs/cockroachdb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/couchbase.py
superset/db_engine_specs/crate.py
superset/db_engine_specs/databend.py
superset/db_engine_specs/databricks.py
superset/db_engine_specs/db2.py
superset/db_engine_specs/doris.py
superset/db_engine_specs/dremio.py
superset/db_engine_specs/drill.py
superset/db_engine_specs/druid.py
superset/db_engine_specs/duckdb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/dynamodb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/elasticsearch.py
superset/db_engine_specs/exasol.py
superset/db_engine_specs/exceptions.py
superset/db_engine_specs/firebird.py
superset/db_engine_specs/firebolt.py
superset/db_engine_specs/gsheets.py
superset/db_engine_specs/hana.py
superset/db_engine_specs/hive.py
superset/db_engine_specs/ibmi.py
superset/db_engine_specs/impala.py
superset/db_engine_specs/kusto.py
superset/db_engine_specs/kylin.py
superset/db_engine_specs/lib.py
superset/db_engine_specs/mariadb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/mssql.py
superset/db_engine_specs/mysql.py
superset/db_engine_specs/netezza.py
superset/db_engine_specs/oceanbase.py
superset/db_engine_specs/ocient.py
superset/db_engine_specs/oracle.py
superset/db_engine_specs/pinot.py
superset/db_engine_specs/postgres.py
superset/db_engine_specs/presto.py
superset/db_engine_specs/redshift.py
superset/db_engine_specs/risingwave.py
superset/db_engine_specs/rockset.py
superset/db_engine_specs/shillelagh.py
superset/db_engine_specs/snowflake.py
superset/db_engine_specs/solr.py
superset/db_engine_specs/spark.py
superset/db_engine_specs/sqlite.py
superset/db_engine_specs/starrocks.py
superset/db_engine_specs/superset.py
superset/db_engine_specs/teradata.py
superset/db_engine_specs/trino.py
superset/db_engine_specs/vertica.py
superset/distributed_lock/__init__.py
superset/distributed_lock/types.py
superset/distributed_lock/utils.py
superset/embedded/__init__.py
superset/embedded/api.py
superset/embedded/view.py
superset/embedded_dashboard/__init__.py
superset/examples/__init__.py
superset/examples/bart_lines.py
superset/examples/big_data.py
superset/examples/birth_names.py
superset/examples/countries.md
superset/examples/countries.py
superset/examples/country_map.py
superset/examples/css_templates.py
superset/examples/data_loading.py
superset/examples/deck.py
superset/examples/energy.py
superset/examples/flights.py
superset/examples/helpers.py
superset/examples/long_lat.py
superset/examples/misc_dashboard.py
superset/examples/multiformat_time_series.py
superset/examples/paris.py
superset/examples/random_time_series.py
superset/examples/sf_population_polygons.py
superset/examples/supported_charts_dashboard.py
superset/examples/tabbed_dashboard.py
superset/examples/utils.py
superset/examples/world_bank.py
superset/examples/configs/metadata.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Approach__Stage.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country_261.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country__Stage.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country__Stage_749.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Phase.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Phase_587.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Age_distribution_of_respondents.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Are_you_an_ethnic_minority_in_your_city.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Breakdown_of_Developer_Type.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Commute_Time.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Country_of_Citizenship.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Current_Developers_Is_this_your_first_development_job.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Degrees_vs_Income.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Ethnic_Minority__Gender.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/First_Time_Developer.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/First_Time_Developer__Commute_Time.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Gender.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Highest_degree_held.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/How_do_you_prefer_to_work.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/How_much_do_you_expect_to_earn_0_-_100k.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Last_Year_Income_Distribution.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Location_of_Current_Developers.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Number_of_Aspiring_Developers.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Preferred_Employment_Style.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Relocation_ability.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Top_15_Languages_Spoken_at_Home.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Work_Location_Preference.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Area.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Bar.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Big_Number.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Big_Number_with_Trendline.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Box_Plot.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Bubble.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Funnel.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Gauge.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Graph.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Heatmap.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Histogram.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Mixed.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Pie.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Pivot_Table.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Radar.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Sankey.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Scatter_Plot.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Sunburst.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Table.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Tree.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Treemap.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Waterfall.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Word_Cloud.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Cross_Channel_Relationship.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Cross_Channel_Relationship_heatmap_2786.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Members_per_Channel.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Messages_per_Channel.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/New_Members_per_Month.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Number_of_Members.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Top_Timezones.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Weekly_Messages.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Weekly_Threads.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Unicode Test/Unicode_Cloud.test.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Number_of_Deals_for_each_Combination.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Overall_Sales_By_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Proportion_of_Revenue_by_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Quarterly_Sales.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Quarterly_Sales_By_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Revenue_by_Deal_Size.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Seasonality_of_Revenue_per_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Total_Items_Sold.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Total_Items_Sold_By_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Total_Revenue.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Games.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Games_per_Genre.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Games_per_Genre_over_time.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Most_Dominant_Platforms.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Number_of_Games_That_Hit_100k_in_Sales_By_Release_Year.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Popular_Genres_Across_Platforms.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Publishers_With_Most_Titles.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Rise__Fall_of_Video_Game_Consoles.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Top_10_Games_Proportion_of_Sales_in_Markets.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Total_Sales_per_Market_Grouped_by_Genre.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/COVID_Vaccine_Dashboard.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/FCC_New_Coder_Survey_2018.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Featured_Charts.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Sales_Dashboard.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Slack_Dashboard.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Unicode_Test.test.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Video_Game_Sales.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/FCC_2018_Survey.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/channel_members.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/channels.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/cleaned_sales_data.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/covid_vaccines.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/exported_stats.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/hierarchical_dataset.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/members_channels_2.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/messages.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/messages_channels.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/new_members_daily.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/threads.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/unicode_test.test.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/users.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/users_channels-uzooNNtSRO.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/users_channels.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/video_game_sales.yaml
superset/explore/__init__.py
superset/explore/api.py
superset/explore/exceptions.py
superset/explore/schemas.py
superset/explore/utils.py
superset/explore/form_data/__init__.py
superset/explore/form_data/api.py
superset/explore/form_data/schemas.py
superset/explore/permalink/__init__.py
superset/explore/permalink/api.py
superset/explore/permalink/exceptions.py
superset/explore/permalink/schemas.py
superset/explore/permalink/types.py
superset/extensions/__init__.py
superset/extensions/metadb.py
superset/extensions/metastore_cache.py
superset/extensions/pylint.py
superset/extensions/ssh.py
superset/extensions/stats_logger.py
superset/importexport/__init__.py
superset/importexport/api.py
superset/initialization/__init__.py
superset/key_value/__init__.py
superset/key_value/exceptions.py
superset/key_value/models.py
superset/key_value/shared_entries.py
superset/key_value/types.py
superset/key_value/utils.py
superset/migrations/README
superset/migrations/__init__.py
superset/migrations/alembic.ini
superset/migrations/env.py
superset/migrations/migration_utils.py
superset/migrations/script.py.mako
superset/migrations/shared/__init__.py
superset/migrations/shared/catalogs.py
superset/migrations/shared/constraints.py
superset/migrations/shared/native_filters.py
superset/migrations/shared/security_converge.py
superset/migrations/shared/utils.py
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/__init__.py
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/base.py
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/processors.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-09-21_17-30_4e6a06bad7a8_init.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-10-05_10-32_5a7bad26f2a7_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-10-05_22-11_1e2841a4128_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-10-19_20-54_2929af7925ed_tz_offsets_in_data_sources.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-11-21_11-18_289ce07647b_add_encrypted_password_field.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-04_09-42_1a48a5411020_adding_slug_to_dash.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-04_11-16_315b3f4da9b0_adding_log_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-13_08-38_55179c7f25c7_sqla_descr.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-14_13-37_12d55656cbca_is_featured.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-15_17-02_2591d77e9831_user_id.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-01-13_20-24_8e80a26a31db_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-01-17_22-00_7dbf98566af7_slice_description.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-01-18_23-43_43df8de3a5f4_dash_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-02-03_17-41_d827694c7555_css_templates.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-02-10_08-47_430039611635_log_more.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-13_09-56_a2d606a761d9_adding_favstar_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-13_21-30_18e88e1cc004_making_audit_nullable.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-17_08-40_836c0bf75904_cache_timeouts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-22_23-25_d2424a248d63_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-24_14-13_763d4b211ec9_fixing_audit_fk.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-25_14-35_1d2ddd543133_log_dt.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-26_15-09_fee7b758c130_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-03_15-23_867bf4f117f9_adding_extra_field_to_database_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-11_22-41_bb51420eaf83_add_schema_to_table_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-15_08-31_b4456560d4f3_change_table_unique_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-15_17-58_4fa88fe24e94_owners_many_to_many.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-25_08-54_c3a8f8611885_materializing_permission.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-05-01_12-21_f0fbf6129e13_adding_verbose_name_to_tablecolumn.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-05-11_17-28_956a063c52b3_adjusting_key_length.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-05-27_15-03_1226819ee0e3_fix_wrong_constraint_on_table_columns.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-06-07_12-33_d8bc074f7aad_add_new_field_is_restricted_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-06-16_14-15_960c69cb1f5b_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-06-27_08-43_27ae655e4247_make_creator_owners.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-07-06_22-04_f162a1dea4c4_d3format_by_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-07-25_17-48_ad82a75afd82_add_query_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-08-18_14-06_3c3ffe173e4f_add_sql_string_to_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-08-31_10-26_41f6a59a61f2_database_options_for_sql_lab.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-07_23-50_33d996bcc382_update_slice_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-09_17-39_5e4a03ef0bf0_add_request_access_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-12_23-33_4500485bde7d_allow_run_sync_async.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-15_08-48_65903709c321_allow_dml.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-19_17-22_b347b202819b_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-22_10-21_3b626e2a6783_sync_db_with_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-22_11-31_eca4694defa7_sqllab_setting_defaults.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-30_18-01_ab3d66c4246e_add_cache_timeout_to_druid_cluster.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-02_10-35_ef8843b41dac_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-05_11-30_b46fa1b0b39e_add_params_to_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-14_11-17_7e3ddad2a00b_results_key_to_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-25_10-16_ad4d656d92bc_add_avg_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-11-02_17-36_c611f2b591b8_dim_spec.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-11-14_15-23_e46f2d27a08e_materialize_perms.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-11-23_10-27_f1f2d4af5b90_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-12-06_17-40_1296d28ec131_druid_exports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-12-13_16-19_525c854f0005_log_this_plus.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-12-19_09-57_6414e83d82b7_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-01-10_11-47_bcf3126872fc_add_keyvalue.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-01-24_12-31_db0c65b146bd_update_slice_model_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-01-24_12-40_f18570e03440_add_query_result_key_index.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-02-08_14-16_a99f2f7c195a_rewriting_url_from_shortner_with_new_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-02-10_17-58_d6db5a5cdb5d_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-03_09-15_732f1c06bcbf_add_fetch_values_predicate.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-08_11-48_b318dfe5fb6c_adding_verbose_name_to_druid_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-16_14-55_ea033256294a_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-16_18-10_db527d8c4c78_add_db_verbose_name.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-21_15-41_979c03af3341_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-28_11-28_a6c18f869a4e_query_start_running_time.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-29_15-04_2fcdcb35e487_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-04-25_10-00_a65458420354_add_result_backend_time_logging.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-07-26_20-09_ca69c70ec99b_tracking_url.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-08-31_17-35_a9c47e2c1547_add_impersonate_user_to_dbs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-13_16-36_ddd6ebdd853b_annotations.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-15_15-09_19a814813610_adding_metric_warning_text.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-19_15-09_d39b1e37131d_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-21_18-37_472d2f73dfd4_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-24_20-18_f959a6652acd_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-10-03_14-37_4736ec66ce19_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-12-08_08-19_67a6ac9b727b_update_spatial_params.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-12-17_11-06_21e88bc06c02_annotation_migration.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-02-13_08-07_e866bd2d4976_smaller_grid.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-03-06_12-24_e68c4473c581_allow_multi_schema_metadata_fetch.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-03-20_19-47_f231d82b9b26_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-03-30_14-00_d6ffdf31bdd4_add_published_column_to_dashboards.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-03_08-19_130915240929_is_sqllab_viz_flow.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-08_07-34_30bb17c0dc76_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-10_11-19_bf706ae5eb46_cal_heatmap_metric_to_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-10_20-46_c9495751e314_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-12_16-00_5ccf602336a0_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-05-09_23-45_e502db2af7be_add_template_params_to_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-05-15_20-28_6c7537a6004a_models_for_email_reports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-04_11-12_c5756bec8b47_time_grain_sqla.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-07_09-52_afb7730f6a9c_remove_empty_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-13_10-20_4451805bbaa1_remove_double_percents.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-13_14-54_bddc498dd179_adhoc_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-14_14-31_80a67c5192fa_single_pie_chart_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-05_15-19_3dda56f1c4c6_migrate_num_period_compare_and_period_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-16_18-04_1d9e835a84f9_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-19_23-41_c617da68de7d_form_nullable.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-20_15-31_7f2635b51f5d_update_base_columns.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-20_15-57_e9df189e5c7e_update_base_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-20_16-08_937d04c16b64_update_datasources.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_08-49_c829ff0b37d0_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_08-50_7467e77870e4_remove_aggs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_09-32_e3970889f38e_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_11-50_fc480c87706c_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_11-59_bebcf3fed1fe_convert_dashboard_v1_positions.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_21-51_705732c70154_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-23_11-18_ec1f88a35cc6_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-23_11-20_46ba6aaaac97_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-24_14-29_c18bd4186f15_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-26_11-10_c82ee8a39623_add_implicit_tags.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-01_11-47_7fcdcde0761c_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-06_14-38_0c5070e96b57_add_user_attributes_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-13_11-30_1a1d627ebd8e_position_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-29_14-35_55e910a74826_add_metadata_column_to_annotation_model_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-05_08-42_0b1f1ab473c0_add_extra_column_to_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-12_13-31_4ce8df208545_migrate_time_range_for_default_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-26_00-01_46f444d8b9b7_remove_coordinator_from_druid_cluster_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-27_11-53_a61b40f9f57f_remove_allow_run_sync.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-11_22-03_fb13d49b72f9_better_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-13_15-38_cefabc8f7d38_increase_size_of_name_column_in_ab_view_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-15_12-34_3e1b21cd94a4_change_owner_to_m2m_relation_on_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-18_22-45_de021a1ca60d_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-22_17-26_fbd55e0f83eb_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-01-14_16-00_a33a03f16c4a_add_extra_column_to_savedquery.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-01-17_08-31_8b70aa3d0f87_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-01-18_14-56_18dc26817ad2_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-02-01_16-07_e553e78e90c5_add_druid_auth_py_py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-02-16_17-44_45e7da7cfeba_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-03-21_10-22_d94d33dbe938_form_strip.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-04-09_16-27_80aa3f04bc82_add_parent_ids_in_dashboard_layout.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-05-06_14-30_afc69274c25a_alter_sql_column_data_type_in_query_mysql_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-06-04_10-12_d7c1a0d6f2da_remove_limit_used_from_query_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-06-05_11-35_b4a38aa87893_deprecate_database_expression.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-06-28_13-17_ab8c66efdd01_resample.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-07-11_19-02_def97f26fdfb_add_index_to_tagged_object.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-07-15_12-00_190188938582_adding_unique_constraint_on_dashboard_slices_tbl.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-09-08_21-50_11c737c17cc6_deprecate_restricted_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-09-11_21-49_5afa9079866a_serialize_schema_permissions_py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-09-19_13-40_258b5280a45e_form_strip_leading_and_trailing_whitespace.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-10-02_00-29_b6fa807eac07_make_names_non_nullable.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-10-09_15-05_cca2f5d568c8_add_encrypted_extra_to_dbs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-10-10_13-52_1495eb914ad3_time_range.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-11-01_09-18_c2acd2cf3df2_alter_type_of_dbs_encrypted_extra.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-11-06_15-23_78ee127d0d1d_reconvert_legacy_filters_into_adhoc.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-11-13_11-05_db4b49eb0782_add_tables_for_sql_lab_state.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-12-03_10-24_817e1c9b09d0_add_not_null_to_dbs_sqlalchemy_url.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-12-03_13-50_89115a40e8ea_change_table_schema_description_to_long_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-12-04_17-07_0a6f12f60c73_add_role_level_security.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-01-08_01-17_e96dbf2cfef0_datasource_cluster_fk.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-02-07_14-13_3325d4caccc8_dashboard_scoped_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-02-20_08-52_72428d1ea401_add_tmp_schema_name_to_the_query_object.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-03-25_10-42_f9a30386bd74_cleanup_time_grainularity.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-03-25_10-49_b5998378c225_add_certificate_to_dbs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-04-24_10-46_e557699a813e_add_tables_relation_to_row_level_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-04-29_09-24_620241d1153f_update_time_grain_sqla.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-05-12_12-59_ea396d202291_ctas_method_in_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-05-13_21-01_743a117f0d98_add_slack_to_the_schedule.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-05-26_23-21_2f1d15e8a6af_add_alerts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-06-21_19-50_a72cb0ebeb22_deprecate_dbs_perm_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-07-09_17-12_73fd22e742ab_add_dynamic_plugins_py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-08_18-10_f2672aa8350a_add_slack_to_alerts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-12_00-24_978245563a02_migrate_iframe_to_dash_markdown.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-12_10-01_f120347acb39_add_extra_column_to_tables_and_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-12_15-47_f80a3b88324b_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-28_17-16_175ea3592453_cache_lookup.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-31_20-30_2e5a0ee25ed4_refractor_alerting.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-01_16-23_ae19b4ee3692_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-15_18-22_e5ef6828ac4e_add_rls_filter_type_and_grouping_key.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-24_12-04_3fbbc6e8d654_fix_data_access_permissions_for_virtual_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-25_10-56_18532d70ab98_fix_table_unique_constraint_in_mysql.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-28_17-57_b56500de1855_add_uuid_column_to_import_mixin.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-10-05_18-10_af30ca79208f_collapse_alerting_models_into_a_single_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-10-20_17-28_585b0b1a7b18_add_exec_info_to_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-10-21_21-09_96e99fb176a0_add_import_mixing_to_saved_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-04_11-06_49b5a32daba5_add_report_schedules.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-15_16-08_a8173232b786_add_path_to_logs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-20_14-24_e38177dbf641_security_converge_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-30_15-25_40f16acf1ba7_security_converge_reports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-30_17-54_8ee129739cf9_security_converge_css_templates.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-03_10-11_5daced1f0e76_reports_add_working_timeout_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-03_16-21_811494c0cc23_remove_path_from_logs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-09_14-13_ccb74baaa89b_security_converge_charts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-10_15-05_45731db65d9c_security_converge_datasets.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-11_11-45_1f6dca87d1a2_security_converge_dashboards.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-11_17-02_c25cb2c78727_security_converge_annotations.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-14_10-49_42b4c9e01447_security_converge_databases.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-14_13-40_4b84f97828aa_security_converge_logs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-15_09-07_ab104a954a8f_reports_alter_crontab_size.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-16_12-15_e37912a26567_security_converge_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-23_11-34_c878781977c6_alert_reports_shared_uniqueness.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-01-14_19-12_e11ccdd12658_add_roles_relationship_to_dashboard.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-01-23_16-25_260bf0649a77_migrate_x_dateunit_in_time_range.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-04_09-34_070c043f2fdb_add_granularity_to_charts_where_missing.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-10_12-32_41ce8799acc3_rename_pie_label_type.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-14_11-46_1412ec1e5a7b_legacy_force_directed_to_echart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-18_09-13_c501b7c653a3_add_missing_uuid_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-22_11-22_67da9ef1ef9c_add_hide_left_bar_to_tabstate.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-03-23_05-23_301362411006_add_execution_id_to_report_execution_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-03-24_09-47_989bbe479899_rename_filter_configuration_in_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-03-29_11-15_3ebe0993c770_filterset_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-06_21-39_19e978e1b9c3_add_report_format_to_report_schedule_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-07_07-21_134cea61c5e7_remove_dataset_health_check_message.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-09_16-14_085f06488938_country_map_use_lowercase_country_name.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-12_12-38_fc3a3a8ff221_migrate_filter_sets_to_new_format.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-16_17-38_d416d0d715cc_add_limiting_factor_column_to_query_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-29_15-32_f1410ed7ec95_migrate_native_filters_to_new_schema.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-30_10-55_453530256cea_add_save_option_column_to_db_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-05-27_16-10_6f139c533bea_add_advanced_data_types_to_column_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-09_12-18_ae1ed299413b_add_timezone_to_report_schedule.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-14_10-31_3317e9248280_add_creation_method_to_reports_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-21_12-09_030c840e3a1c_add_query_context_to_slices.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-27_08-25_31b2a1039d4a_drop_tables_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-02_16-39_e323605f370a_fix_schemas_allowed_for_csv_upload.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-02_21-14_6d20ba9ecb33_add_last_saved_at_to_slice_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-03_15-36_143b6f2815da_migrate_pivot_table_v2_heatmaps_to_new_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-04_17-16_f6196627326f_update_chart_permissions.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-09_17-32_07071313dd52_change_fetch_values_predicate_to_text.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-24_23-27_181091c0ef16_add_extra_column_to_columns_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-31_11-37_021b81fe4fbb_add_type_to_native_filter_configuration.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-09-19_14-42_b92d69a6643c_rename_csv_to_file.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-09-27_11-31_60dc453f4e2e_migrate_timeseries_limit_metric_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-10-12_11-15_32646df09c64_update_time_grain_sqla.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-02_17-44_3ba29ecbaac5_change_datatype_of_type_in_basecolumn.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-03_14-07_f9847149153d_add_certifications_columns_to_slice.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-05_11-11_aea15018d53b_add_certifications_columns_to_dashboard.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-11_04-18_0ca9e5f1dacd_rename_to_schemas_allowed_for_file_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-11_16-41_b8d3a24d9131_new_dataset_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-02_12-03_abe27eaf93db_add_extra_config_column_to_alerts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-10_19-25_bb38f40aa3ff_add_force_screenshot_to_alerts_reports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-13_14-06_fe23025b9441_rename_big_viz_total_form_data_fields.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-15_15-05_c53bae8f08dd_add_saved_query_foreign_key_to_tab_state.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-17_16-56_31bb738bd1d2_move_pivot_table_v2_legacy_order_by_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-01-19_07-34_5fd49410a97a_add_columns_for_external_management.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-01-28_16-03_5afbb1a5849b_add_embedded_dahshoard_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-02-25_08-06_ab9a9d86e695_deprecate_time_range_endpoints.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-02_09-20_b5a422d8e252_fix_query_and_saved_query_null_schema.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-02_16-41_7293b0ca7944_change_adhoc_filter_b_from_none_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-04_09-59_6766938c6065_add_key_value_store.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-16_21-07_8b841273bec3_sql_lab_models_database_constraint_updates.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-16_23-24_58df9d617f14_add_on_saved_query_delete_tab_state_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-29_18-03_2ed890b36b94_rm_time_range_endpoints_from_qc.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-01_14-38_a9422eeaae74_new_dataset_models_take_2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-04_15-04_b0d0249074e4_deprecate_time_range_endpoints_v2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-06_14-10_9d8a8d575284_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-14_17-21_cecc6bf46990_rm_time_range_endpoints_2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-18_11-20_ad07e4fdbaba_rm_time_range_endpoints_from_qc_3.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-05-03_19-39_cbe71abde154_fix_report_schedule_and_log.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-05-18_16-07_e786798587de_delete_none_permissions.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-06-14_15-28_e09b4ae78457_resize_key_value_blob.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-06-19_16-17_f3afaf1f11f0_add_unique_name_desc_rls.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-06-27_14-59_7fb8bca906d2_permalink_rename_filterstate.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-05_15-48_409c7b420ab0_add_created_by_fk_as_owner.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-07_00-00_cdcf3d64daf4_add_user_id_dttm_idx_to_log_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-07_13-00_c747c78868b6_migrating_legacy_treemap.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-07_14-00_06e1e70058c7_migrating_legacy_area.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-11_11-26_ffa79af61a56_rename_report_schedule_extra_to_extra_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-19_15-16_a39867932713_query_context_to_mediumtext.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-08-16_15-23_6d3c6f9d665d_fix_table_chart_conditional_formatting_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-08-31_19-30_291f024254b5_drop_column_allow_multi_schema_metadata_fetch.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-10-03_17-34_deb4c9d4a4ef_parameters_in_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-10-20_10-48_f3c2d8ec8595_create_ssh_tunnel_credentials_tbl.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-11-28_17-51_4ce1d9b25135_remove_filter_bar_orientation.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-02-28_14-46_c0a3ea245b61_remove_show_native_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-05_10-06_d0ac08bb5b83_invert_horizontal_bar_chart_order.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-17_13-24_b5ea9d343307_bar_chart_stack_options.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-27_12-30_7e67aecbf3f1_chart_ds_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-29_20-30_07f9a902af1b_drop_postgres_enum_constrains_for_tags.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-05-01_12-03_9c2a5681ddfd_convert_key_value_entries_to_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-05-11_12-41_4ea966691069_cross_filter_global_scoping.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-01_13-13_83e1abbe777f_drop_access_request.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-08_09-02_9ba2ce3086e5_migrate_pivot_table_v1_to_v2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-08_10-22_4c5da39be729_migrate_treemap_chart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-08_11-34_ae58e1e58e5c_migrate_dual_line_to_mixed_chart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-21_14-02_90139bf715e4_add_currency_column_to_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-22_13-39_6fbe660cac39_add_on_delete_cascade_for_tables_references.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-27_16-54_8e5b0fb85b9a_add_custom_size_columns_to_report.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-28_19-49_bf646a0c1501_json_metadata.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-29_18-38_240d23c7f86f_update_tag_model_w_description.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-07_20-06_f92a3124dd66_drop_rouge_constraints_and_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-11_15-51_6d05b0a70c89_add_on_delete_cascade_for_owners_references.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-12_20-34_e0f6f91c2055_create_user_favorite_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-18_15-30_863adcf72773_delete_obsolete_druid_nosql_slice_parameters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-19_16-48_a23c6f8b1280_cleanup_erroneous_parent_filter_ids.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-19_17-54_ee179a490af9_deckgl_path_width_units.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-02_15-23_0769ef90fddd_fix_schema_perm_for_datasets.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-08_14-14_2e826adca42c_log_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-09_14-17_8ace289026f3_add_on_delete_cascade_for_dashboard_slices.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-09_15-39_4448fa6deeb1__dd_on_delete_cascade_for_embedded_dashboards.py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-14_09-38_9f4a086c2676_add_normalize_columns_to_sqla_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-22_11-09_ec54aca4c8a2_increase_ab_user_email_field_size.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-09-06_13-18_317970b4400c_added_time_secondary_column_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-09-15_12-58_4b85906e5b91_add_on_delete_cascade_for_dashboard_roles.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-12-01_12-03_b7851ee5522f_replay_317970b4400c.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-12-15_17-58_06dd9ff00fe8_add_percent_calculation_type_funnel_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-05_16-20_65a167d4c62e_add_indexes_to_report_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-16_13-14_59a1450b3c10_drop_filter_sets_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-17_13-09_96164e3017c6_tagged_object_unique_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-18_12-12_15a2c68a2e6b_merging_two_heads.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-18_14-41_a32e0c4d8646_migrate_sunburst_chart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-18_15-20_214f580d09c9_migrate_filter_boxes_to_native_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-19_08-42_1cf8e4344e2b_merging.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-19_10-03_e863403c0c50_drop_url_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-02-07_17-13_87d38ad83218_migrate_can_view_and_drill_permission.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-02-14_14-43_17fcea065655_change_text_to_mediumtext.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-03-01_10-47_be1b217cd8cd_big_number_kpi_single_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-03-20_16-02_678eefb4ab44_add_access_token_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-01_22-44_c22cb5c2e546_user_attr_avatar_url.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-08_15-43_5ad7321c2169_mig_new_csv_upload_perm.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-11_15-41_5f57af97bc3f_add_catalog_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-17_14-04_d60591c5515f_mig_new_excel_upload_perm.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-26_12-36_4a33124c18ad_mig_new_columnar_upload_perm.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-01_10-52_58d051681a3b_add_catalog_perm_to_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-02_13-40_3dfd0e78650e_add_query_sql_editor_id_index.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-06_11-37_645bb206f96c_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-08_19-33_4081be5b6b74_enable_catalog_in_databricks.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-09_18-44_87ffc36f9842_enable_catalog_in_bigquery_presto_trino_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-09_19-19_f7b6750b67e8_change_mediumtext_to_longtext.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-10_11-09_9621c6d56ffb_add_subject_column_to_report_schedule.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-10_18-02_f84fde59123a_update_charts_with_old_time_comparison.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-24_11-31_02f4f7811799_remove_sl_dataset_columns_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-08-13_15-17_39549add7bfc_remove_sl_table_columns_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-08-13_15-23_38f4144e8558_remove_sl_dataset_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-08-13_15-27_e53fd48cc078_remove_sl_dataset_users.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-08-13_15-29_a6b32d2d07b1_remove_sl_columns.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-08-13_15-31_007a1abffe7e_remove_sl_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-08-13_15-33_48cbb571fa3a_remove_sl_datasets.py
superset/migrations/versions/__init__.py
superset/models/__init__.py
superset/models/annotations.py
superset/models/cache.py
superset/models/core.py
superset/models/dashboard.py
superset/models/dynamic_plugins.py
superset/models/embedded_dashboard.py
superset/models/helpers.py
superset/models/slice.py
superset/models/sql_lab.py
superset/models/user_attributes.py
superset/models/sql_types/__init__.py
superset/models/sql_types/presto_sql_types.py
superset/queries/__init__.py
superset/queries/api.py
superset/queries/filters.py
superset/queries/schemas.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/__init__.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/api.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/filters.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/schemas.py
superset/reports/__init__.py
superset/reports/api.py
superset/reports/filters.py
superset/reports/models.py
superset/reports/schemas.py
superset/reports/types.py
superset/reports/logs/__init__.py
superset/reports/logs/api.py
superset/reports/logs/schemas.py
superset/reports/notifications/__init__.py
superset/reports/notifications/base.py
superset/reports/notifications/email.py
superset/reports/notifications/exceptions.py
superset/reports/notifications/slack.py
superset/reports/notifications/slack_mixin.py
superset/reports/notifications/slackv2.py
superset/row_level_security/__init__.py
superset/row_level_security/api.py
superset/row_level_security/schemas.py
superset/security/__init__.py
superset/security/analytics_db_safety.py
superset/security/api.py
superset/security/guest_token.py
superset/security/manager.py
superset/sql/__init__.py
superset/sql/parse.py
superset/sql_validators/__init__.py
superset/sql_validators/base.py
superset/sql_validators/postgres.py
superset/sql_validators/presto_db.py
superset/sqllab/__init__.py
superset/sqllab/api.py
superset/sqllab/command_status.py
superset/sqllab/exceptions.py
superset/sqllab/execution_context_convertor.py
superset/sqllab/limiting_factor.py
superset/sqllab/query_render.py
superset/sqllab/schemas.py
superset/sqllab/sql_json_executer.py
superset/sqllab/sqllab_execution_context.py
superset/sqllab/utils.py
superset/sqllab/validators.py
superset/static/.gitkeep
superset/static/version_info.json
superset/static/assets/00926b7be01d31dd9380.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/00926b7be01d31dd9380.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/00aadec9f0519a722785.geojson
superset/static/assets/00db61d0325053578f4c.geojson
superset/static/assets/015887d7a68f74e526a5.geojson
superset/static/assets/01c238a47890549a8e8d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/01c238a47890549a8e8d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/02d04aa5a89fcfc241bc.geojson
superset/static/assets/02ef2541456cd5a7f240.geojson
superset/static/assets/031ccf9c3a925331a6a0.geojson
superset/static/assets/04a50a1b33bb2bd3a46f.geojson
superset/static/assets/04aa884ffaef46537bdd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/04aa884ffaef46537bdd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0518ac3570100380e6a3.geojson
superset/static/assets/0593933e1fae6760ea6e.geojson
superset/static/assets/0594db3e03aa8f250d16.geojson
superset/static/assets/05fbb0c7bedaefac66e8.geojson
superset/static/assets/060b2710bdbbe3dfe48b.svg
superset/static/assets/06a8e9a256fe5aac5bf9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/06a8e9a256fe5aac5bf9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/06c779e1ab73eb104f5e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/06c779e1ab73eb104f5e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/07f8fe00a15a06001e18.geojson
superset/static/assets/08a02fd275ecea6ef662.woff
superset/static/assets/08ec6a1303317e2e1e68.geojson
superset/static/assets/090e90c077ced0d04882.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/090e90c077ced0d04882.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0953b9be14e214c87f0e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0953b9be14e214c87f0e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/09b750e2c9220eccd8db.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/09b750e2c9220eccd8db.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/09cb0225efcda7173a9b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/09cb0225efcda7173a9b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0a67de1773b789d20116.geojson
superset/static/assets/0b263939505b9ef1d840.geojson
superset/static/assets/0b74aa87abece70366c1.woff2
superset/static/assets/0c300c53b837b05e0fa2.geojson
superset/static/assets/0c3148d7dce27dc648f4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0c3148d7dce27dc648f4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0d5892e516a98183713a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0d5892e516a98183713a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0d860dc06443b723e286.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0d860dc06443b723e286.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0dabbacfd8bf437c4e6a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0dabbacfd8bf437c4e6a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0dbadd1587ba6a75a336.geojson
superset/static/assets/0e8cc1513cab6a188eec.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0e8cc1513cab6a188eec.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0f9e8d4e940df8f6edfe.woff2
superset/static/assets/0fc5207d24aa1f752adf.geojson
superset/static/assets/104507df38c315dcd60a.woff
superset/static/assets/10c641fdbfead2e751fa.geojson
superset/static/assets/1131f12d1447ebab7839.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1131f12d1447ebab7839.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1190.bdfed9a3ee969ce61e6e.entry.js
superset/static/assets/1190.bdfed9a3ee969ce61e6e.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/1190.bdfed9a3ee969ce61e6e.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/1452ee5ea23538ac5c76.geojson
superset/static/assets/14bf46ce6981e1998bb5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/14bf46ce6981e1998bb5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/14f640119e3cbd3366cb.geojson
superset/static/assets/160200c0bde5c375df39.geojson
superset/static/assets/163465ee7369bef1d062.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/163465ee7369bef1d062.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/183a09a8f92b4b383894.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/183a09a8f92b4b383894.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/18441afa379e8c4066d1.geojson
superset/static/assets/186a5544d22d50ff0b57.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/186a5544d22d50ff0b57.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1877.edc450424737a7a5c013.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/1877.edc450424737a7a5c013.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/1888.73b22d50029d69245367.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/1888.73b22d50029d69245367.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/1896f96e96af5d854abe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1896f96e96af5d854abe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/19395c965769b3c1ac5d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/19395c965769b3c1ac5d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1977030d3ac8ea5d2609.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1977030d3ac8ea5d2609.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1a1474519a0ea853fdce.png
superset/static/assets/1b019be4b3176dd9c055.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1b019be4b3176dd9c055.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1b2b95f3d8fc4b43a3d9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1b2b95f3d8fc4b43a3d9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1b389b4cc2f36d043fbe.geojson
superset/static/assets/1b4b5615c2cc1d3b3562.woff
superset/static/assets/1b807c2478e875982090.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1b807c2478e875982090.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/1b807c2478e875982090.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1bd365521aa984884a04.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1bd365521aa984884a04.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1c15ffeb30a43928dcfd.woff2
superset/static/assets/1c40a5f09bcd1b326957.woff
superset/static/assets/1ca6764af7021242ba81.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1ca6764af7021242ba81.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1d65863d7fdefe60fb8d.geojson
superset/static/assets/1dbf0281baaa1298a987.geojson
superset/static/assets/1dd8e309337012750c57.geojson
superset/static/assets/1e2b9039d9ecdbea5d80.woff2
superset/static/assets/1e8bf6630e9b92639b32.woff2
superset/static/assets/1eeaf1d0bde712085ffc.woff
superset/static/assets/1f6b7922ec02ae4a63d6.geojson
superset/static/assets/1f88a62e906b4bac439b.woff
superset/static/assets/20a37b45e31022bfe4b1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/20a37b45e31022bfe4b1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/21e6f319f8c73b09d9c2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/21e6f319f8c73b09d9c2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/23bb701f484aaa4f2d27.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/23bb701f484aaa4f2d27.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/242c8aabe121e5ae4c74.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/242c8aabe121e5ae4c74.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/244c439564806850ea06.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/244c439564806850ea06.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/247300ab97e2d7980e6b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/247300ab97e2d7980e6b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2521f89bc5b7375021c2.geojson
superset/static/assets/25b3ede39b815b236e88.woff2
superset/static/assets/25c6e536400eaab4a516.geojson
superset/static/assets/273b24550af0a9574983.geojson
superset/static/assets/281cfe035ffbf882fe55.geojson
superset/static/assets/283baee7d7e6a67db339.woff2
superset/static/assets/29cdc026a93aac8ebc68.geojson
superset/static/assets/29ec7f6fab297848213c.geojson
superset/static/assets/2a7218f5186e6690a0fe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2a7218f5186e6690a0fe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2b6c1f4166936ceddbf8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2b6c1f4166936ceddbf8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2bb4aa52e3780b344156.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2bb4aa52e3780b344156.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2c2856e2c43a15ed7c58.geojson
superset/static/assets/2c9f11c4301c9925c402.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2c9f11c4301c9925c402.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2ca5f169b0525e1469b2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2ca5f169b0525e1469b2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2ce812c3a45afbdb750b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2ce812c3a45afbdb750b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2d72bf293a751bd86be4.geojson
superset/static/assets/2dc0f855b47deb513745.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2dc0f855b47deb513745.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2dd8344b4a6329f86bde.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2dd8344b4a6329f86bde.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2ddabc401d45df9935aa.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2ddabc401d45df9935aa.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2df25150c6d4a52fb2fd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2df25150c6d4a52fb2fd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2f791fd0e4c44f76a246.woff2
superset/static/assets/2f96cac7ac3cfab7d07f.geojson
superset/static/assets/3034bbeb57cefc11d856.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3034bbeb57cefc11d856.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3041759b25471aade1d4.geojson
superset/static/assets/304ff4cbe35b6a757bfb.geojson
superset/static/assets/31a9e3e9eae6512003eb.woff2
superset/static/assets/321dbe40de549c34c1e3.geojson
superset/static/assets/327bbf7d1dd62a7863fe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/327bbf7d1dd62a7863fe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/33b75208fe9e58b53385.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/33b75208fe9e58b53385.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3527f496b7adda3b2b33.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3527f496b7adda3b2b33.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/359f5d20c219546666af.geojson
superset/static/assets/35bb4ef3c63654036aa3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/35bb4ef3c63654036aa3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/35bf1903ea09f45b964e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/35bf1903ea09f45b964e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/35dbc5645618c9258607.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/35dbc5645618c9258607.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/36bced61dbd108eb71e8.geojson
superset/static/assets/36c0a694c159cafc7b5c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/36c0a694c159cafc7b5c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/373c9529243c92291cd9.geojson
superset/static/assets/390b2578c8d463504ed8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/390b2578c8d463504ed8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/398b571df827dc689bbc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/398b571df827dc689bbc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3af2700e2f2022322423.geojson
superset/static/assets/3b02327246371062ad13.geojson
superset/static/assets/3b0a3898eebc63857fca.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3b0a3898eebc63857fca.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3b79fe9a37e0ad65885a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3b79fe9a37e0ad65885a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3bcdfe84e042a43ed8b7.geojson
superset/static/assets/3cd920691b1d75e2257c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3cd920691b1d75e2257c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3d0b040966f18ec4bbd7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3d0b040966f18ec4bbd7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3e11e74784eab29bdf8f.geojson
superset/static/assets/3e41a1734d588c3bc486.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3e41a1734d588c3bc486.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3f50c11e1c4e316f7f0a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3f50c11e1c4e316f7f0a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3fef1ec0e4743bde76c8.geojson
superset/static/assets/40160ae2c8776b41b5b6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/40160ae2c8776b41b5b6.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/40160ae2c8776b41b5b6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/404.html
superset/static/assets/406949857cb2319831c4.geojson
superset/static/assets/40af516a19490d0e08f3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/40af516a19490d0e08f3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/40b3b0d5e09a90fb6e3e.woff
superset/static/assets/40c1905a209658063a71.geojson
superset/static/assets/411f7e9dabe4115f9006.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/411f7e9dabe4115f9006.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4139aecf8e96a8cb87f1.geojson
superset/static/assets/4191bec9c35b2493da4f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4191bec9c35b2493da4f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4191c49f85cf8d80a464.woff2
superset/static/assets/4194.7c4cd5a625a3d008ccc7.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/4194.7c4cd5a625a3d008ccc7.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/4235b2980169c65d621d.geojson
superset/static/assets/42711d0f3f00f4edb6fc.woff2
superset/static/assets/42ce943388c4ff9a05a1.woff
superset/static/assets/43382342c3d8ef2ce01c.geojson
superset/static/assets/4339f7da0fd63c5fe829.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4339f7da0fd63c5fe829.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/43b0ad8ccbe262626262.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/43b0ad8ccbe262626262.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/443e5260d50bbb16e5b2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/443e5260d50bbb16e5b2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4441dac21ae8febce590.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4441dac21ae8febce590.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/444930f0d25d047b07f8.geojson
superset/static/assets/4454391e3293411bd623.geojson
superset/static/assets/44aacc8875a3c9631b47.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/44aacc8875a3c9631b47.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/451691f607be6bc71654.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/451691f607be6bc71654.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4518ddf5668ab083d8bf.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4518ddf5668ab083d8bf.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4536005eeb2a500c7f24.geojson
superset/static/assets/4585bccf84901a109390.woff2
superset/static/assets/45c6ae4351d79cd2d06b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/45c6ae4351d79cd2d06b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4653.a3aae2f2b77bf43a75d7.entry.js
superset/static/assets/4653.a3aae2f2b77bf43a75d7.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/4653.a3aae2f2b77bf43a75d7.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/4692b9ec53fd5972caa2.ttf
superset/static/assets/4696a34584e7caa1ce0f.woff2
superset/static/assets/46aa737794f86e4fcc88.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/46aa737794f86e4fcc88.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/46c288776fda4eaa734f.geojson
superset/static/assets/4717.be6e9ca4d5c8e41575c4.entry.js
superset/static/assets/4717.be6e9ca4d5c8e41575c4.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/472fd0b0e9a8c376afbc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/472fd0b0e9a8c376afbc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/48051633c60354fa2924.geojson
superset/static/assets/493f95c669e6373685c9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/493f95c669e6373685c9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/494d24317f5f7594bf55.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/494d24317f5f7594bf55.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4958ab9020a4ce03151a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4958ab9020a4ce03151a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/498d634ad49a334854fe.geojson
superset/static/assets/49f2aeef7c314c3b0cc1.woff
superset/static/assets/4a36726835eac51d2b7d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4a36726835eac51d2b7d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4aad1a909a2c4c57d531.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4aad1a909a2c4c57d531.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4ac14c9926de83775c76.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4ac14c9926de83775c76.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4ae78dae7a1620d9583e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4ae78dae7a1620d9583e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4af024039cb6ebc1f874.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4af024039cb6ebc1f874.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4bb2a7aab7ad67f552c1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4bb2a7aab7ad67f552c1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4bfd932355e715c55e17.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4bfd932355e715c55e17.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4c1e811fb8e9197bfc53.geojson
superset/static/assets/4cc5eccdc5c999a2f26d.woff
superset/static/assets/4cd4309528a14304f1c8.geojson
superset/static/assets/4d2034e56c71721edc58.geojson
superset/static/assets/4d42ad677f34bc0373fa.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4d42ad677f34bc0373fa.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4d56ea953041d06820e2.woff2
superset/static/assets/4d6839667311b1bd2905.geojson
superset/static/assets/4eedffe43452a87e61bd.woff
superset/static/assets/4fbde596c960f68f29be.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4fbde596c960f68f29be.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/500.html
superset/static/assets/508458e8abdccadea533.woff2
superset/static/assets/50aa31c98dc042231592.geojson
superset/static/assets/50c7849dbffd36c5baa3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/50c7849dbffd36c5baa3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/50c9d1a1af9a99c33b9e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/50c9d1a1af9a99c33b9e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/50f7ba8e3049bf0b5603.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/50f7ba8e3049bf0b5603.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/513fc9048882adba64bc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/513fc9048882adba64bc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/519f4ecbeeae44f4a8d2.geojson
superset/static/assets/51e4b4089bc48fa44389.geojson
superset/static/assets/525e16faf21d13727f99.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/525e16faf21d13727f99.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/527cb85999de7a0e4bb8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/527cb85999de7a0e4bb8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/52925daf3c6bc3dd15fc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/52925daf3c6bc3dd15fc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5299.23bb701f484aaa4f2d27.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/5299.23bb701f484aaa4f2d27.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/5334b66d522696842fa2.woff2
superset/static/assets/536a9300eda204e6cc80.geojson
superset/static/assets/53e43addd12f6061e244.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/53e43addd12f6061e244.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/540023a9b46a9d831de2.woff
superset/static/assets/5492b81e50ea2d4f03aa.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5492b81e50ea2d4f03aa.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/54a1fa84d5ebd1ab0381.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/54a1fa84d5ebd1ab0381.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/550d88de90d3f141de7e.geojson
superset/static/assets/5526788cc87876884e0f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5526788cc87876884e0f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/55bbeb2a455ee4d261df.woff
superset/static/assets/55ec61228b7c4faf90f5.geojson
superset/static/assets/5883a30f00e68aa158b6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5883a30f00e68aa158b6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/591f6240b949dbd72558.woff2
superset/static/assets/5952d3d3c5df5a2f8e09.woff2
superset/static/assets/595f0b9e98c342e19e26.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/595f0b9e98c342e19e26.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/59a1d3a71fc37eb6fc45.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/59a1d3a71fc37eb6fc45.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/59a1d3a71fc37eb6fc45.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/59ec3f3a0fabd682f13a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/59ec3f3a0fabd682f13a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/59f32fc00a4b9a97dd09.woff2
superset/static/assets/5a8be53ecd6e407fad70.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5a8be53ecd6e407fad70.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5b038ff35f6943697831.geojson
superset/static/assets/5b31818c0bcd8cbb57cb.geojson
superset/static/assets/5b7724ac5329a7aa6ff1.woff
superset/static/assets/5b93c3f91f6a60d48ed9.geojson
superset/static/assets/5be1347c682810f199c7.eot
superset/static/assets/5cc988e0049ba1b45a30.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5cc988e0049ba1b45a30.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5d2eaa33f8194c062cad.woff2
superset/static/assets/5d8da5037ba5b9c2272d.woff2
superset/static/assets/5e7d90d7a55bb18918b6.geojson
superset/static/assets/5e8053c09a581b1f108a.geojson
superset/static/assets/5eef3df4c6f9b95b23ef.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5eef3df4c6f9b95b23ef.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5f6abaa624a034671528.geojson
superset/static/assets/5f82da0d5d5f56964db7.geojson
superset/static/assets/5fe0ef7c7b20dc3e66a9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5fe0ef7c7b20dc3e66a9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/602eb93fcc55fbc80a4f.woff2
superset/static/assets/605b8939f9b6591bc3ba.geojson
superset/static/assets/611e08fc81467c61e03f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/611e08fc81467c61e03f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/61cf3a53a136ea46ad80.geojson
superset/static/assets/633c6f4484a87591d35b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/633c6f4484a87591d35b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/633e0fc137502f705ce1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/633e0fc137502f705ce1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/63a01a5375bee5140e33.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/63a01a5375bee5140e33.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/63a3a196ccad79f7b0c5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/63a3a196ccad79f7b0c5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/63a3bb0067edaf8596bc.woff2
superset/static/assets/63a590a738123d876493.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/63a590a738123d876493.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/63ff2b521f6770939d5b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/63ff2b521f6770939d5b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/647e919fa7fb48763c39.geojson
superset/static/assets/648736417cdbdd93f2fe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/648736417cdbdd93f2fe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/64c6f7d3ee35da2509ee.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/64c6f7d3ee35da2509ee.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6522e419e4d0af9a6114.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6522e419e4d0af9a6114.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/6522e419e4d0af9a6114.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6629df60b0706dec8113.woff2
superset/static/assets/667570862a0d92962a16.woff
superset/static/assets/66b7ecca33dd1dba583a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/66b7ecca33dd1dba583a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/66ef3e72b4a38ebedf69.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/66ef3e72b4a38ebedf69.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/674161b4949480627839.geojson
superset/static/assets/6742048d25ca534d44ea.geojson
superset/static/assets/67afdfe4935b7f836bf4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/67afdfe4935b7f836bf4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/68225e40c6ac2d3fc2b7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/68225e40c6ac2d3fc2b7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/68c7627743fb1611116e.woff2
superset/static/assets/68e9faafe0c45b2621b1.geojson
superset/static/assets/692239712cb21a879194.geojson
superset/static/assets/69552d0cb6a4fd7e6324.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/69552d0cb6a4fd7e6324.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6979c116dd1c3a8dad19.woff2
superset/static/assets/69f9ec337c49470744d9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/69f9ec337c49470744d9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6a2d175c8580b15231d5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6a2d175c8580b15231d5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6a4dda67c7ae3a9f1261.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6a4dda67c7ae3a9f1261.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6ac75640a50a035b48c0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6ac75640a50a035b48c0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6aff6d2ebc98d8704205.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6aff6d2ebc98d8704205.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6b2bd4064e09dcbf4959.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6b2bd4064e09dcbf4959.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6b9a5080058c621d44dc.geojson
superset/static/assets/6bcba1530eda6d4e1c25.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6bcba1530eda6d4e1c25.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6dd571823daca0de4e45.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6dd571823daca0de4e45.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6e76fbaaa868e55d356d.geojson
superset/static/assets/6e8ec8d8999bac272439.geojson
superset/static/assets/6eab7f5e6cae783b49bf.woff
superset/static/assets/6ec4db8a4f871b54884d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6ec4db8a4f871b54884d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6ed309362210dacaba61.geojson
superset/static/assets/6fe68f5db9cd38e8f2f9.geojson
superset/static/assets/708f2f7425851a3b7633.woff
superset/static/assets/7130.87ac308a266bb520d446.entry.js
superset/static/assets/7130.87ac308a266bb520d446.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/71669edce1206c26a99a.geojson
superset/static/assets/71fe28cbf2df080340ec.woff2
superset/static/assets/72205f2e16033dd06399.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/72205f2e16033dd06399.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/72e479a956a624fd75dc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/72e479a956a624fd75dc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/72f4300c6f16f17dcb9f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/72f4300c6f16f17dcb9f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/731d861684b34511704e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/731d861684b34511704e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/737244bb96af103cbe63.geojson
superset/static/assets/73b22d50029d69245367.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/73b22d50029d69245367.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/73b22d50029d69245367.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/74ae19d65fd26db7d4b4.geojson
superset/static/assets/74b5570d9cb6d9e55839.geojson
superset/static/assets/74c47bdbd324d86756a4.geojson
superset/static/assets/756b6367a9bb0df3d532.svg
superset/static/assets/75798527efa6a6f38664.woff
superset/static/assets/75f077f1dd7373eafe11.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/75f077f1dd7373eafe11.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/76143256c3726a97195b.geojson
superset/static/assets/767a2c4ef80670343a1a.geojson
superset/static/assets/767ca2de6b8740d46c21.geojson
superset/static/assets/77236bfe6f10a3e2cf84.geojson
superset/static/assets/77264c1ae5c1adfb7ac9.geojson
superset/static/assets/774a2645dff92b6c2dba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/774a2645dff92b6c2dba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7802.d42c5ecca1ed29a0b772.entry.js
superset/static/assets/7802.d42c5ecca1ed29a0b772.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/784cfd48c61b674865d6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/784cfd48c61b674865d6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/78a0e499379a8795c173.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/78a0e499379a8795c173.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/78a4da74e96003dcb2e7.geojson
superset/static/assets/7989b5b47229bda06bdc.geojson
superset/static/assets/7ba0dabbbfa42cc22615.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7ba0dabbbfa42cc22615.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7bd09665eaa71630e767.geojson
superset/static/assets/7c038140cd08cdeb3044.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7c038140cd08cdeb3044.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7c4cd5a625a3d008ccc7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7c4cd5a625a3d008ccc7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7ce8fb673ae0cf78b823.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7ce8fb673ae0cf78b823.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7d241fb8c3568afe681b.woff
superset/static/assets/7db623480932c8993b1a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7db623480932c8993b1a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7e10d8a4ddb0270ae65b.geojson
superset/static/assets/7e98faddc130d6652757.woff2
superset/static/assets/7ebaac60bbd2ae7b47cb.geojson
superset/static/assets/7ed8c20dfd508c2f93fa.geojson
superset/static/assets/7f6928109f799577530a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7f6928109f799577530a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7f8e1151711520ce9fc4.woff
superset/static/assets/7fa1843b2d3a604d51fa.geojson
superset/static/assets/8003.0569ad74f05404f8dcda.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8003.0569ad74f05404f8dcda.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/8047.85343aa9ee284c62949e.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8047.85343aa9ee284c62949e.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/80722ac6dcebbb37fef4.geojson
superset/static/assets/8109.c0196d31bec3671b8d2e.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8109.c0196d31bec3671b8d2e.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/813288ad0b6203898c15.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/813288ad0b6203898c15.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/81e12548050bb2fb8641.woff
superset/static/assets/821f9bd18f4227fb14ba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/821f9bd18f4227fb14ba.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/821f9bd18f4227fb14ba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/82681871654c3edb0199.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/82681871654c3edb0199.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/82b1212e45a2bc35dd73.woff
superset/static/assets/837a34dde417f9641d52.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/837a34dde417f9641d52.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/83843738c55542e6090c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/83843738c55542e6090c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/83f53772ce02d381ed49.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/83f53772ce02d381ed49.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/841cd59cc41b878fb786.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/841cd59cc41b878fb786.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/84c645362d0b4613d3ca.geojson
superset/static/assets/85090ddcab311338fe96.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/85090ddcab311338fe96.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/854b99493744652a49e2.geojson
superset/static/assets/8621.893ca158540485e64b1d.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8621.893ca158540485e64b1d.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/8621.893ca158540485e64b1d.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/862bc70ae0a0695770e7.woff2
superset/static/assets/867982ccdb579d769251.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/867982ccdb579d769251.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/874150675591522b87be.geojson
superset/static/assets/88079fda3258a9547aee.geojson
superset/static/assets/8879ce14b35589132710.geojson
superset/static/assets/88d7818ad0e1bc0669dc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/88d7818ad0e1bc0669dc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8969f360aebbbc073d7a.geojson
superset/static/assets/8986.15352a541f4e65a889bc.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8986.15352a541f4e65a889bc.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/8a1bda2f3c46f879cb95.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8a1bda2f3c46f879cb95.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8a579311ac94d16a764b.geojson
superset/static/assets/8a9b3249c8a24e58dae3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8a9b3249c8a24e58dae3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8b46c3dcdc1217feb6b0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8b46c3dcdc1217feb6b0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8bb49359deaf02950fb1.geojson
superset/static/assets/8bbf1e80b2387dd394b2.geojson
superset/static/assets/8f1f73be48ab5c5696aa.geojson
superset/static/assets/8f65bb1d7ba425376c0e.geojson
superset/static/assets/9041.3a98d94239d6e96a9ce8.entry.js
superset/static/assets/9041.3a98d94239d6e96a9ce8.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/909b2b7a7902d6341d93.woff
superset/static/assets/914e3e33092a2628a0ff.geojson
superset/static/assets/9188fb1a95ec0351b46b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9188fb1a95ec0351b46b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/91cba9842a3af825c4d6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/91cba9842a3af825c4d6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/920a673d6c88ca9feacb.geojson
superset/static/assets/922f863197a866e0a1da.geojson
superset/static/assets/92d640c2bae035745f91.geojson
superset/static/assets/945179708d1211d90406.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/945179708d1211d90406.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/94b5808faaa9a4e7c006.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/94b5808faaa9a4e7c006.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9508618d61afa95caa8b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9508618d61afa95caa8b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9520a35aec89074953dd.geojson
superset/static/assets/9556df9aba44490199c2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9556df9aba44490199c2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/957177c650021df4b3fb.woff
superset/static/assets/9591fabeab455857d161.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9591fabeab455857d161.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/95ba85d8e304cf0544df.woff
superset/static/assets/9601599faa5740697291.geojson
superset/static/assets/973cd837dfe21c50e1e3.geojson
superset/static/assets/975f5a0a33ff0fe2593d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/975f5a0a33ff0fe2593d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/977f8273acbf7c776e65.geojson
superset/static/assets/98376736c80363de10e2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/98376736c80363de10e2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/98b3a5ec225981f70975.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/98b3a5ec225981f70975.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/997d6078fb317dfd5bb4.woff2
superset/static/assets/99af13d645747315c471.geojson
superset/static/assets/9a3e813889e3ddecd7ae.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9a3e813889e3ddecd7ae.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9a981aa39cc51b4d7c44.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9a981aa39cc51b4d7c44.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9aada3df8b392ef1bbc7.woff
superset/static/assets/9af951906edda0cf5d6e.geojson
superset/static/assets/9b98c8b84acfa244f276.geojson
superset/static/assets/9ba71cfe0fc6d29368dd.geojson
superset/static/assets/9c74dc20d4debbb57197.geojson
superset/static/assets/9cb9261d19905aaa07bd.geojson
superset/static/assets/9d12517ea59823abf4f0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9d12517ea59823abf4f0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9da765c318864db2b8b5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9da765c318864db2b8b5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9db06b1f435b2f2933b3.geojson
superset/static/assets/9dd7015136b5cc9b8013.woff
superset/static/assets/9e0f9a0dc7d4f836e7b9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9e0f9a0dc7d4f836e7b9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9e2799c864150a30492e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9e2799c864150a30492e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9e5fd350f5f7f72e37bd.geojson
superset/static/assets/9e9825e7bf2698cc3443.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9e9825e7bf2698cc3443.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9ec76eb55af94da13e1c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9ec76eb55af94da13e1c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9f2e3a54cf2fbdc39b8d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9f2e3a54cf2fbdc39b8d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9f3f22b02c741210f42b.geojson
superset/static/assets/Area1.b13966ae.png
superset/static/assets/Bar1.05db33fe.png
superset/static/assets/Bar2.c41826d8.png
superset/static/assets/Bar3.0ace6ce6.png
superset/static/assets/BarChart3.6c1382b7.jpg
superset/static/assets/Bar_Chart.897135b4.jpg
superset/static/assets/Bar_Chart_2.2db0caa4.jpg
superset/static/assets/BigNumber.b33901bf.jpg
superset/static/assets/BigNumber2.3f1427c2.jpg
superset/static/assets/Big_Number_Trendline.bccce4c1.jpg
superset/static/assets/BoxPlot.1833526f.jpg
superset/static/assets/DashboardContainer.6522e419e4d0af9a6114.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/DashboardContainer.6522e419e4d0af9a6114.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/Horizon_Chart.7b46c45c.jpg
superset/static/assets/Line1.7282d4c8.png
superset/static/assets/Line2.c13c8aae.png
superset/static/assets/LineChart.e0e66ab1.jpg
superset/static/assets/LineChart2.32576bb2.jpg
superset/static/assets/MapBox.6e6f79c8.jpg
superset/static/assets/MapBox2.6337d5b5.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie1.2cbe969f.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie2.42fece24.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie3.8c46d429.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie4.8bdccf82.jpg
superset/static/assets/Sankey.25e6833c.jpg
superset/static/assets/Sankey2.4083c192.jpg
superset/static/assets/Scatter1.665fe2f7.png
superset/static/assets/SmoothLine1.97fed005.png
superset/static/assets/Step1.297e1ce0.png
superset/static/assets/Step2.10e90fb7.png
superset/static/assets/Sunburst1.241865fc.png
superset/static/assets/Sunburst2.3421fc35.png
superset/static/assets/Table.f8a6698c.jpg
superset/static/assets/Table2.c8533c18.jpg
superset/static/assets/Table3.8997ea72.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time-series_Chart.8ff488d2.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time_Series_Bar_Chart.f6bb1a65.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time_Series_Bar_Chart2.9b95dd4f.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time_Series_Bar_Chart3.1605efdf.jpg
superset/static/assets/Word_Cloud.3d210efb.jpg
superset/static/assets/Word_Cloud_2.2a94fb99.jpg
superset/static/assets/WorldMap1.da13410b.jpg
superset/static/assets/WorldMap2.2ace1986.jpg
superset/static/assets/a017df9122db52f2dc40.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a017df9122db52f2dc40.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a03285b1dc884048474f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a03285b1dc884048474f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a11a5a9f744bd9428336.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a11a5a9f744bd9428336.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a13335db2eb77a915bfe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a13335db2eb77a915bfe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a19b5c44776aebf757fa.geojson
superset/static/assets/a23238ab714eb5fb843b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a23238ab714eb5fb843b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a2b98e5dd6e8bdc17d1b.geojson
superset/static/assets/a2fb477d8ca75a91d36a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a2fb477d8ca75a91d36a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a312d0b46f3da62778b0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a312d0b46f3da62778b0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a6237f1dcb911bdc5f72.geojson
superset/static/assets/a797c6df2a7f3307ec14.woff
superset/static/assets/a7a179295e51eb57faee.woff2
superset/static/assets/a7eb6e4508230a2bcac4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a7eb6e4508230a2bcac4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a7f9c7954ff7f3b34172.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a7f9c7954ff7f3b34172.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a9304c8ed51ebcba64ff.geojson
superset/static/assets/a948121dff83a0a54e04.woff
superset/static/assets/a971d45d2457ec4802ea.geojson
superset/static/assets/a9bf795001d1a90b36a8.woff
superset/static/assets/aa2f3f555d017ec5bc2e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/aa2f3f555d017ec5bc2e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/aa90365fcd4a8f46ab22.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/aa90365fcd4a8f46ab22.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/aad982a22562f8805d9c.geojson
superset/static/assets/ab0c6462367276fa559c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ab0c6462367276fa559c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/abcdc85f5630a561d004.geojson
superset/static/assets/abd2dd4838a0148febb9.woff
superset/static/assets/ac62c8eba7f954b48546.woff2
superset/static/assets/ac8242291064d93163ef.geojson
superset/static/assets/ac94ba29cd3f93ddc5c1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ac94ba29cd3f93ddc5c1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ad7cccce1229ab0a4786.geojson
superset/static/assets/ad84d23492da6564610f.geojson
superset/static/assets/adad58cff90b98547671.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/adad58cff90b98547671.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ae149ee6c93a79fe782e.geojson
superset/static/assets/af8ecc39211fadcd37e7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/af8ecc39211fadcd37e7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/afb4f6ee9993ae1fd7f0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/afb4f6ee9993ae1fd7f0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b01fb73b111d937e4c09.png
superset/static/assets/b0af2c682e67064d795f.geojson
superset/static/assets/b0b725689d14f4b244ff.geojson
superset/static/assets/b1764cb173fc9ee879eb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b1764cb173fc9ee879eb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b1e907c05b252510dbaa.geojson
superset/static/assets/b260772593cb60157198.geojson
superset/static/assets/b2f255cdd8cf7e603b3a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b2f255cdd8cf7e603b3a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b3e27acd012444dc36db.geojson
superset/static/assets/b3e8561f19774bbf46e1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b3e8561f19774bbf46e1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b42ff4f76286c2718c6a.woff
superset/static/assets/b484a085f1a93d658a2c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b484a085f1a93d658a2c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b4c15c709d1df5b90449.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b4c15c709d1df5b90449.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b532dda1e6d5ab1887e3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b532dda1e6d5ab1887e3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b5417b54f2c2e639877e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b5417b54f2c2e639877e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b5900830f28b3a548268.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b5900830f28b3a548268.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b592085cc16a7db4af17.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b592085cc16a7db4af17.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b6c318d51ce533177c7d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b6c318d51ce533177c7d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b7c397c70da6962e5ab4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b7c397c70da6962e5ab4.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/b7c397c70da6962e5ab4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b802860c51a3385591d2.geojson
superset/static/assets/b83f40a0624fcdf3b6a0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b83f40a0624fcdf3b6a0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b91556fb181ed9e3e1b7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b91556fb181ed9e3e1b7.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/b91556fb181ed9e3e1b7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b94ea10ed625b91b02b9.woff
superset/static/assets/b9778042dc757099d17d.geojson
superset/static/assets/b97c297bd52859a0d424.woff2
superset/static/assets/b9c9753092f7ca770c6d.geojson
superset/static/assets/b9e2ad0319af255f54de.geojson
superset/static/assets/b9e54687c2c3945acd3e.woff
superset/static/assets/ba1409b8be8a930f3b9a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ba1409b8be8a930f3b9a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ba18ca247f8470f29c57.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ba18ca247f8470f29c57.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/battery.8fed19b7.jpg
superset/static/assets/bb71256707fd1927f8bb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bb71256707fd1927f8bb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bb84d1e96496392cd692.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bb84d1e96496392cd692.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bbcb8698726f54940346.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bbcb8698726f54940346.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bc589d1a89a59caeac8d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bc589d1a89a59caeac8d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bd15c797b5bbb4b6dd1c.geojson
superset/static/assets/bd886aa022432cc79a35.geojson
superset/static/assets/bdb88ce8e0d21e7fd751.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bdb88ce8e0d21e7fd751.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/be0e76b30a7663adf9eb.woff2
superset/static/assets/be810be3a3e14c682a25.woff2
superset/static/assets/bed85b98c34f434a1c80.woff2
superset/static/assets/c050cc59365447c3f2d9.geojson
superset/static/assets/c1191e765a49fe35f007.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c1191e765a49fe35f007.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c147ab38ea38fe4066fd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c147ab38ea38fe4066fd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c167c0fded01fb3b5f3e.geojson
superset/static/assets/c17acdd20adbb32080bb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c17acdd20adbb32080bb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c1b18ad13f8c09b2aa26.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c1b18ad13f8c09b2aa26.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c1d2fbd73e9816dd585c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c1d2fbd73e9816dd585c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c213c7d0e18e29adff21.geojson
superset/static/assets/c3e3748bd9a3b6b74c0f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c3e3748bd9a3b6b74c0f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c42c1c921a117622c39d.geojson
superset/static/assets/c42d80b668de1ccb9f90.geojson
superset/static/assets/c53c171c1be4339a28a1.js
superset/static/assets/c586bf8622620680ed6d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c586bf8622620680ed6d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c61f669e7bf1846e7a7d.geojson
superset/static/assets/c65f08e1fc3956275407.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c65f08e1fc3956275407.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c692ac928d433e993a8d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c692ac928d433e993a8d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c6eb97ab053c37086107.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c6eb97ab053c37086107.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c6f6be50c80fbe42b722.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c6f6be50c80fbe42b722.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c795f2f1677547588bc4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c795f2f1677547588bc4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c7ade8c2caa39ac09fa1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c7ade8c2caa39ac09fa1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c7fa46352607a3edf182.woff2
superset/static/assets/c865cebad2723503b51b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c865cebad2723503b51b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c9897aecf7c4d29feaf7.geojson
superset/static/assets/c9a7cf9c53c4e29579fe.geojson
superset/static/assets/c9d799113ceab6aab9d1.geojson
superset/static/assets/c9ee14d9789233d1664e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c9ee14d9789233d1664e.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/c9ee14d9789233d1664e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ca852e96526ed0bbebe1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ca852e96526ed0bbebe1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ca87484b558e5812d512.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ca87484b558e5812d512.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/caa6aac68f0110dbeb19.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/caa6aac68f0110dbeb19.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cad6477636bc31bf30e4.geojson
superset/static/assets/cbecd390fe44a7cbd5d0.woff
superset/static/assets/cbed54efaf3d88d81302.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cbed54efaf3d88d81302.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cc0f6af6d8d9fa5c4515.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cc0f6af6d8d9fa5c4515.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cc4e92e00da8709d6183.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cc4e92e00da8709d6183.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/cc4e92e00da8709d6183.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cc50a17f8d2ec1322d1a.geojson
superset/static/assets/ccb9776569e2f68e877b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ccb9776569e2f68e877b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ccc6a56d62a69b1a8b86.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ccc6a56d62a69b1a8b86.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ccedaf4a1c46fa729afe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ccedaf4a1c46fa729afe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cd0c6cac7818b4aee3d7.geojson
superset/static/assets/cd2ad378115f549d3c5b.woff
superset/static/assets/cdadd626c144590757b0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cdadd626c144590757b0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cdcce2df4bd457abd385.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cdcce2df4bd457abd385.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cdee089641063008e2be.woff
superset/static/assets/ce14d7703effa1b74356.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ce14d7703effa1b74356.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ce5a3819612ca0d0d42c.woff
superset/static/assets/cea0f1b014ab2741ee42.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cea0f1b014ab2741ee42.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cee979e68c2fdd1f4acf.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cee979e68c2fdd1f4acf.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cf10213a3f4ea0335ac9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cf10213a3f4ea0335ac9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cf9d6f40af4c1da7e90d.geojson
superset/static/assets/channels.99e7cde9.jpg
superset/static/assets/chord.446d549d.jpg
superset/static/assets/d077b1ce5f596e308fd8.geojson
superset/static/assets/d12ff8c7717033e119bb.geojson
superset/static/assets/d39d061686b646d656cb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d39d061686b646d656cb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d44c8b38c0c6258212d6.geojson
superset/static/assets/d6ff51043bc10fd9bfdd.geojson
superset/static/assets/d77f1098966d4cb4f5a2.woff2
superset/static/assets/d7f800c04f4428b42f7b.geojson
superset/static/assets/d7f8fcf60d967f52d624.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d7f8fcf60d967f52d624.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/d7f8fcf60d967f52d624.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d8069a1346433d2b4a9b.woff
superset/static/assets/d81967d83cca686de9b2.geojson
superset/static/assets/d81f67bb7815b88132ba.geojson
superset/static/assets/d94d9db5c2799e0e1ea6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d94d9db5c2799e0e1ea6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d976cbf5cee4a79c3b53.geojson
superset/static/assets/d97bc0282335ae5aaf5c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d97bc0282335ae5aaf5c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d97c11276308b7e14908.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d97c11276308b7e14908.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d9cfd7c217744bd5ed99.geojson
superset/static/assets/dabe51616487fa1f0d3d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dabe51616487fa1f0d3d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/db988b82bd733a47e5a7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/db988b82bd733a47e5a7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dc26fdf6ae9c29db2330.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dc26fdf6ae9c29db2330.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dc36ba5f384f082e3e06.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dc36ba5f384f082e3e06.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dd0c576d9d6941c8bcca.geojson
superset/static/assets/dd25e4776efe42c2253f.woff
superset/static/assets/dd4bcecbd8dd71191cad.geojson
superset/static/assets/dd6e45511fd54d548b23.geojson
superset/static/assets/dd89d6418415158c3cab.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dd89d6418415158c3cab.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ddb9c40654f5cc3d61e2.geojson
superset/static/assets/de5a3f231ee8b5a33398.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/de5a3f231ee8b5a33398.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/df43db5397837d97ec56.geojson
superset/static/assets/dfc30dd33011741b66bd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dfc30dd33011741b66bd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dfcc40a4a852cbb4f60c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dfcc40a4a852cbb4f60c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dffd5624eb0939f15f62.geojson
superset/static/assets/e00bfb29c9cca35617c2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e00bfb29c9cca35617c2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e0547b72c3661e9eceff.woff
superset/static/assets/e07945537c1a4890f602.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e07945537c1a4890f602.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e0976aba0cdd61f1bee2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e0976aba0cdd61f1bee2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e1e9e3ed08af5b50de41.woff2
superset/static/assets/e1fe2badc0d1de13c6ba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e1fe2badc0d1de13c6ba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e3bafb62eb2592c0bb0e.png
superset/static/assets/e3bd0ea116d26368ddb7.woff2
superset/static/assets/e401ad00162145517c4c.geojson
superset/static/assets/e42a31747250247dd18f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e42a31747250247dd18f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e456809bc4e459f63fe6.geojson
superset/static/assets/e6f0a59b3bc3f95f6db6.geojson
superset/static/assets/e72f6c518228df7f2d80.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e72f6c518228df7f2d80.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e73144d85fc4c579a5d6.geojson
superset/static/assets/e739748b7709ee465aba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e739748b7709ee465aba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e7509813db26d05d7d0c.geojson
superset/static/assets/e7c3169302d2929d7176.woff2
superset/static/assets/e8639b5432e5674c41f5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e8639b5432e5674c41f5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e8ba275aac71f10a04c8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e8ba275aac71f10a04c8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e976a27f6c1a9efb14ac.woff2
superset/static/assets/e997e7ad1c3f82bf1105.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e997e7ad1c3f82bf1105.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ea32daa420199d20299e.woff2
superset/static/assets/eaeec67b4fe456b017b6.woff
superset/static/assets/eaf36ecbdd643df9f379.geojson
superset/static/assets/ec960df5068862243cbc.woff
superset/static/assets/ecf134a9f91fd4467e6c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ecf134a9f91fd4467e6c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ed57c10dc19dff63f89c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ed57c10dc19dff63f89c.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/ed57c10dc19dff63f89c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/edc450424737a7a5c013.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/edc450424737a7a5c013.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ee1dcfd5fa2d3e8b9b9f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ee1dcfd5fa2d3e8b9b9f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ee9305f56627471b9d2c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ee9305f56627471b9d2c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ef275bdca0cdef64ec5f.geojson
superset/static/assets/ef8282de4a59592f64a7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ef8282de4a59592f64a7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/efb196734a2545e3e077.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/efb196734a2545e3e077.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/eff6f56718dade572988.geojson
superset/static/assets/embedded.77fd4ecd11dcae377b6f.entry.js
superset/static/assets/embedded.77fd4ecd11dcae377b6f.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/employment.7b5c16a7.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.0df299a4.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.197589e8.png
superset/static/assets/example.1ec31bd3.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.2018d670.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.2f2c30c6.png
superset/static/assets/example.361d67a3.png
superset/static/assets/example.537c9da1.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.61c54865.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.661644db.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.6f0d126b.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.71df2d6f.png
superset/static/assets/example.74513bdf.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.789fda46.png
superset/static/assets/example.7de75ac1.png
superset/static/assets/example.a260f7bd.png
superset/static/assets/example.b2236be9.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.b4ba0c5a.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.c37b40b5.png
superset/static/assets/example.d91f44db.png
superset/static/assets/example.d9a48098.png
superset/static/assets/example.e9179e8a.png
superset/static/assets/example.f2f6c07c.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.023a2d67.png
superset/static/assets/example1.198466c2.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.297446aa.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.34be4dd6.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.44f08793.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.56ea6b14.png
superset/static/assets/example1.6c4d3e0c.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.7fb85f88.png
superset/static/assets/example1.a58bab57.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.b8069aef.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.bd493731.png
superset/static/assets/example1.f68a646e.png
superset/static/assets/example2.0ce27c6f.png
superset/static/assets/example2.15d8bad2.png
superset/static/assets/example2.19c795b0.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.1e997473.png
superset/static/assets/example2.207fccfb.png
superset/static/assets/example2.5c0aa0f4.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.65d169da.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.c63be840.png
superset/static/assets/example2.ea481d57.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.ef2d1091.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.f7e90b3e.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.f881423e.jpg
superset/static/assets/example3.3738f056.jpg
superset/static/assets/example3.89a5d8fd.png
superset/static/assets/example3.8faa0540.png
superset/static/assets/example3.99ab6fd0.jpg
superset/static/assets/example4.94717fd8.jpg
superset/static/assets/exampleGermany.db162ad7.jpg
superset/static/assets/exampleUsa.5007a9ac.jpg
superset/static/assets/f1535355a7df553be385.woff2
superset/static/assets/f16cd301fcb320c01bea.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f16cd301fcb320c01bea.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f2143106c6117d7bb88f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f2143106c6117d7bb88f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f4156a4c11fbe85ae712.geojson
superset/static/assets/f44758957ac06a813878.geojson
superset/static/assets/f4c701d61753200e04e0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f4c701d61753200e04e0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f4cdeb2370059664c092.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f4cdeb2370059664c092.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f4d88e3245207b0590e1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f4d88e3245207b0590e1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f561f13b5faf5efbd5c1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f561f13b5faf5efbd5c1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f5cc45e74fe3738abfc5.woff
superset/static/assets/f5d386a9b66422144df3.woff2
superset/static/assets/f6c6f117610544fb0dc1.woff
superset/static/assets/f870c61d2848c17d8d65.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f870c61d2848c17d8d65.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/f870c61d2848c17d8d65.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f8be4a5e72fe69d412cf.geojson
superset/static/assets/f8c900652d0216832ad2.geojson
superset/static/assets/f8e0806b50c3c4bb7b89.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f8e0806b50c3c4bb7b89.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f9896560cd4b6f46b38e.woff2
superset/static/assets/fa67b2dd0048a5433bd5.woff
superset/static/assets/fa78d8d6788399bf6527.woff2
superset/static/assets/fcbc856a28a0524803d0.woff
superset/static/assets/fd0d6ba3d9c96d50fd1c.geojson
superset/static/assets/fd0fea794aaeb668a8b1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fd0fea794aaeb668a8b1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fdaf774ffc93c76e7a30.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fdaf774ffc93c76e7a30.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fdc533d25d00e7878c8f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fdc533d25d00e7878c8f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fdff476b5ae1a0db73db.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fdff476b5ae1a0db73db.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fe4c125335184fbf77ba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fe4c125335184fbf77ba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ff740576ef3118350db5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ff740576ef3118350db5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ff9ba862fbed3a3eb37d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ff9ba862fbed3a3eb37d.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/ff9ba862fbed3a3eb37d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/loading.cff8a5da.gif
superset/static/assets/manifest.json
superset/static/assets/menu.efe98567976debc47c2b.entry.js
superset/static/assets/menu.efe98567976debc47c2b.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/package.json
superset/static/assets/preamble.ebc35ef318359a06ee90.entry.js
superset/static/assets/preamble.ebc35ef318359a06ee90.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/spa.7a8af8418fc23eb69e0f.entry.css
superset/static/assets/spa.7a8af8418fc23eb69e0f.entry.css.map
superset/static/assets/spa.7a8af8418fc23eb69e0f.entry.js
superset/static/assets/spa.7a8af8418fc23eb69e0f.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/spa.7a8af8418fc23eb69e0f.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/theme.4a9120b00b1a99b8f135.entry.css
superset/static/assets/theme.4a9120b00b1a99b8f135.entry.css.map
superset/static/assets/theme.4a9120b00b1a99b8f135.entry.js
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.013ae6a4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.07cd305073567877fcc7.entry.js
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0bdf08a4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0be12067.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0cdc0470.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0fd3ce37.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.154cdccd.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.1a9ace38.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.1e4e5b08.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.22e46caa.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.241865fc.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.2b21fc4a.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.2ec285ca.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.39c29e21.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.3a51101f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.3b5aef49.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.4a9b5e62.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.50c780c0.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.52aeda65.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.5d5ddfcc.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.5ec3e6bd.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.652ad50f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.66ee99c5.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.6b7ac120.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.8beef864.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.8d7d3cbe.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.8e8858da.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.92b5826e.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.94dfb10d.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.9506c7f0.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.9905c92f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.9d4c8d11.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a463d279.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a5307f41.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a55df64a.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a923c837.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a924bed4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.aa9710fc.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ab750ae6.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ab8113ee.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ace42983.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b0251af6.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b290682b.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b627d1a4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b751c252.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.c2670397.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.c501c39d.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.d2ebb8b7.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e3f36081.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e556fb5f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e62c1972.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e7c50181.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e9235c2d.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ea1ff627.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ee528db4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f2cfa9c4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f2d16e54.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f5779edd.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f6ecb617.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.fb226195.png
superset/static/assets/transportation.75912cf2.jpg
superset/static/assets/tree.4b27c6bb.png
superset/static/assets/treemap_v2_1.f997bb13.png
superset/static/assets/treemap_v2_2.bac597e9.jpg
superset/static/assets/vendors.fa5a4f129e562726a1c5.entry.js
superset/static/assets/vendors.fa5a4f129e562726a1c5.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/vendors.fa5a4f129e562726a1c5.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/images/apache-kylin.png
superset/static/assets/images/apache_feather.png
superset/static/assets/images/babies.png
superset/static/assets/images/bubble.png
superset/static/assets/images/chart-card-fallback.svg
superset/static/assets/images/chart.svg
superset/static/assets/images/clickhouse.png
superset/static/assets/images/cloud.png
superset/static/assets/images/couchbase.svg
superset/static/assets/images/create_role.png
superset/static/assets/images/dash.png
superset/static/assets/images/dashboard-card-fallback.svg
superset/static/assets/images/dashboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/databend.png
superset/static/assets/images/databricks.png
superset/static/assets/images/db2.png
superset/static/assets/images/document.svg
superset/static/assets/images/doris.png
superset/static/assets/images/druid.png
superset/static/assets/images/druid_agg.png
superset/static/assets/images/empty-charts.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-dashboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-dataset.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-queries.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-query.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-table.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty_sql_chart.svg
superset/static/assets/images/error404.png
superset/static/assets/images/error500.png
superset/static/assets/images/exasol.png
superset/static/assets/images/favicon.png
superset/static/assets/images/filter-results.svg
superset/static/assets/images/filter.svg
superset/static/assets/images/firebird.png
superset/static/assets/images/firebolt.png
superset/static/assets/images/google-biquery.png
superset/static/assets/images/greenplum.png
superset/static/assets/images/hologres.png
superset/static/assets/images/loading.gif
superset/static/assets/images/mariadb.png
superset/static/assets/images/monet-db.png
superset/static/assets/images/mssql-server.png
superset/static/assets/images/mysql.png
superset/static/assets/images/netezza.png
superset/static/assets/images/no-columns.svg
superset/static/assets/images/noimg.png
superset/static/assets/images/oceanbase.svg
superset/static/assets/images/oracle.png
superset/static/assets/images/pinot.png
superset/static/assets/images/postgresql.png
superset/static/assets/images/presto.png
superset/static/assets/images/redshift.png
superset/static/assets/images/rockset.png
superset/static/assets/images/s.png
superset/static/assets/images/snowflake.png
superset/static/assets/images/sqlite.png
superset/static/assets/images/star-circle.svg
superset/static/assets/images/starrocks.png
superset/static/assets/images/superset-logo-horiz.png
superset/static/assets/images/superset.png
superset/static/assets/images/superset_screenshot.png
superset/static/assets/images/sybase.png
superset/static/assets/images/teradata.png
superset/static/assets/images/timescale.png
superset/static/assets/images/trino.png
superset/static/assets/images/union.png
superset/static/assets/images/union.svg
superset/static/assets/images/vector.svg
superset/static/assets/images/vertica.png
superset/static/assets/images/yugabyte.png
superset/static/assets/images/icons/alert.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/alert_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/alert_solid_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/area-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/ballot.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bar-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/big-number-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/binoculars.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bolt.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bolt_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bolt_small_run.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/calendar.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cancel-x.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cancel.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cancel_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/card_view.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cards.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cards_locked.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_down.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_left.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_right.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_up.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/category.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/certified.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/check.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/checkbox-half.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/checkbox-off.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/checkbox-on.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/circle.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/circle_check.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/circle_check_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/clock.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/close.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/code.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cog.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/collapse.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/color_palette.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/components.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/copy.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cross-filter-badge.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/current-rendered-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cursor_target.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/database.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/dataset_physical.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/dataset_virtual.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/dataset_virtual_greyscale.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/default_db_image.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/download.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/drag.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/edit.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/edit_alt.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/email.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error_solid_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error_solid_small_red.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/exclamation.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/expand.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/eye.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/eye_slash.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/favorite-selected.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/favorite-unselected.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/favorite_small_selected.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_abc.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_boolean.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_date.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_derived.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_num.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_struct.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/file.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/filter.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/filter_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/folder.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/full.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/function_x.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/gear.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/grid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/image.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/import.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/info-solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/info.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/info_solid_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/join.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/keyboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/layers.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/lightbulb.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/line-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/link.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/list.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/list_view.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/location.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/lock_locked.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/lock_unlocked.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/map.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/message.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/minus.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/minus_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/more_horiz.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/more_vert.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/move.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_charts.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_dashboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_data.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_explore.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_home.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_lab.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/note.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/offline.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/paperclip.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/pie-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/placeholder.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus_large.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/queued.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/redo.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/refresh.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/running.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/save.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/search.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/server.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/share.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/slack.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sort.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sort_asc.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sort_desc.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sql.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/table-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/table.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/tag.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/tags.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/transparent.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/trash.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/triangle_change.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/triangle_down.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/triangle_up.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/undo.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/up-level.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/user.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/warning.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/warning_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/x-large.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/x-small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/explore.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/gallery.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/slack_dash.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/sql_lab.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/add_db.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_01_sources_database.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_02_add_database.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_03_database_name.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_04_sqlalchemy_connection_string.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_05_connection_popup.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_06_list_of_tables.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_07_save_button.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_08_sources_tables.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_09_add_new_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_10_table_name.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_11_choose_db.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_12_table_creation_success_msg.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_13_edit_table_config.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_14_field_config.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_15_click_table_name.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_16_datasource_chart_type.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_17_choose_time_range.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_18_choose_metric.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_19_click_query.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_20_count_star_result.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_21_group_by.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_22_group_by_result.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_23_group_by_more_dimensions.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_24_max_metric.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_25_max_temp_filter.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_26_row_limit.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_27_top_10_max_temps.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_28_bar_chart.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_29_bar_chart_series_metrics.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_30_bar_chart_results.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_31_save_slice_to_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_32_save_slice_confirmation.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_33_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_34_weather_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_35_slice_on_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_36_adjust_dimensions.gif
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/add_new_chart.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/advanced_analytics_base.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/annotation.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/annotation_settings.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/average_aggregate_for_cost.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/blue_bar_insert_component.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/chose_a_datasource.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/csv_to_database_configuration.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/edit-record.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/edit_annotation.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/filter_on_origin_country.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/markdown.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/no_filter_on_time_filter.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/parse_dates_column.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/publish_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/resample.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/resize_tutorial_table_on_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/rolling_mean.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/save_tutorial_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/select_dates_pivot_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/select_table_visualization_type.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/sum_cost_column.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/time_comparison_absolute_difference.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/time_comparison_two_series.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/tutorial_line_chart.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/tutorial_pivot_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/tutorial_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/upload_a_csv.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/area.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/bar.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/big_number.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/big_number_total.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/box_plot.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/bubble.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/bullet.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/cal_heatmap.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/chord.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/compare.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/country_map.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_arc.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_geojson.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_grid.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_hex.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_multi.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_path.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_polygon.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_scatter.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_screengrid.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/directed_force.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/dist_bar.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/dual_line.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/event_flow.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/filter_box.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/heatmap.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/histogram.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/horizon.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/iframe.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/line.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/line_multi.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/mapbox.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/markup.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/multi.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/paired_ttest.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/para.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/partition.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/pie.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/pivot_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/rose.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/sankey.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/separator.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/sunburst.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/table.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/time_pivot.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/time_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/treemap.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/word_cloud.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/world_map.png
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/reactable-pagination.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/superset.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/antd/index.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/fonts.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/index.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/variables.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/cosmo/bootswatch.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/cosmo/cosmoTheme.js
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/cosmo/variables.less
superset/tables/__init__.py
superset/tags/__init__.py
superset/tags/api.py
superset/tags/core.py
superset/tags/exceptions.py
superset/tags/filters.py
superset/tags/models.py
superset/tags/schemas.py
superset/tasks/__init__.py
superset/tasks/async_queries.py
superset/tasks/cache.py
superset/tasks/celery_app.py
superset/tasks/cron_util.py
superset/tasks/exceptions.py
superset/tasks/scheduler.py
superset/tasks/thumbnails.py
superset/tasks/types.py
superset/tasks/utils.py
superset/templates/tail_js_custom_extra.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/baselayout.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/navbar.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/general/model/list.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/general/widgets/base_list.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/general/widgets/search.html
superset/templates/email/alert.txt
superset/templates/slack/alert.txt
superset/templates/slack/alert_no_screenshot.txt
superset/templates/superset/base.html
superset/templates/superset/basic.html
superset/templates/superset/csrf_token.json
superset/templates/superset/export_dashboards.html
superset/templates/superset/flash_wrapper.html
superset/templates/superset/import_dashboards.html
superset/templates/superset/macros.html
superset/templates/superset/oauth2.html
superset/templates/superset/paper-theme.html
superset/templates/superset/public_welcome.html
superset/templates/superset/spa.html
superset/templates/superset/theme.html
superset/templates/superset/traceback.html
superset/templates/superset/fab_overrides/list.html
superset/templates/superset/fab_overrides/list_role.html
superset/templates/superset/fab_overrides/list_with_checkboxes.html
superset/templates/superset/form_view/database_schemas_selector.html
superset/templates/superset/form_view/columnar_to_database_view/edit.html
superset/templates/superset/models/database/add.html
superset/templates/superset/models/database/edit.html
superset/templates/superset/models/database/macros.html
superset/templates/superset/partials/asset_bundle.html
superset/templates/superset/reports/slice_data.html
superset/temporary_cache/__init__.py
superset/temporary_cache/api.py
superset/temporary_cache/schemas.py
superset/temporary_cache/utils.py
superset/thumbnails/__init__.py
superset/thumbnails/digest.py
superset/translations/__init__.py
superset/translations/babel.cfg
superset/translations/empty_language_pack.json
superset/translations/messages.pot
superset/translations/requirements.txt
superset/translations/utils.py
superset/translations/ar/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/de/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/es/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/fr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/it/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/ja/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/ko/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/nl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/pt/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/ru/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/sk/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/sl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/tr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/uk/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/zh/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/utils/__init__.py
superset/utils/backports.py
superset/utils/cache.py
superset/utils/cache_manager.py
superset/utils/class_utils.py
superset/utils/core.py
superset/utils/csv.py
superset/utils/dashboard_filter_scopes_converter.py
superset/utils/dashboard_import_export.py
superset/utils/database.py
superset/utils/date_parser.py
superset/utils/dates.py
superset/utils/decorators.py
superset/utils/dict_import_export.py
superset/utils/encrypt.py
superset/utils/excel.py
superset/utils/feature_flag_manager.py
superset/utils/file.py
superset/utils/filters.py
superset/utils/hashing.py
superset/utils/json.py
superset/utils/log.py
superset/utils/logging_configurator.py
superset/utils/machine_auth.py
superset/utils/mock_data.py
superset/utils/network.py
superset/utils/oauth2.py
superset/utils/pdf.py
superset/utils/profiler.py
superset/utils/public_interfaces.py
superset/utils/retries.py
superset/utils/schema.py
superset/utils/screenshots.py
superset/utils/slack.py
superset/utils/ssh_tunnel.py
superset/utils/url_map_converters.py
superset/utils/urls.py
superset/utils/webdriver.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/__init__.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/aggregate.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/boxplot.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/compare.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/contribution.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/cum.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/diff.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/flatten.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/geography.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/histogram.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/pivot.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/prophet.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/rank.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/rename.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/resample.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/rolling.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/select.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/sort.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/utils.py
superset/views/__init__.py
superset/views/alerts.py
superset/views/all_entities.py
superset/views/annotations.py
superset/views/api.py
superset/views/base.py
superset/views/base_api.py
superset/views/base_schemas.py
superset/views/core.py
superset/views/css_templates.py
superset/views/dynamic_plugins.py
superset/views/error_handling.py
superset/views/explore.py
superset/views/filters.py
superset/views/health.py
superset/views/key_value.py
superset/views/sqllab.py
superset/views/tags.py
superset/views/utils.py
superset/views/chart/__init__.py
superset/views/chart/filters.py
superset/views/chart/mixin.py
superset/views/chart/views.py
superset/views/dashboard/__init__.py
superset/views/dashboard/mixin.py
superset/views/dashboard/views.py
superset/views/database/__init__.py
superset/views/database/mixins.py
superset/views/database/validators.py
superset/views/database/views.py
superset/views/datasource/__init__.py
superset/views/datasource/schemas.py
superset/views/datasource/utils.py
superset/views/datasource/views.py
superset/views/log/__init__.py
superset/views/log/api.py
superset/views/log/schemas.py
superset/views/log/views.py
superset/views/sql_lab/__init__.py
superset/views/sql_lab/schemas.py
superset/views/sql_lab/views.py
superset/views/users/__init__.py
superset/views/users/api.py
superset/views/users/schemas.py